hey it's the funhouse BTS video brought
to you by extraordinary fun house is
proud to be the official podcast partner
of extraordinary a supernatural comedy
starring Maeve Higgins Barry Ward Will
Forte and Claudia O dirty I've seen it
in this movie has everything ghosts
driving instructors Irish ghosts
Satanism father and daughter stories and
more fun houses attending the LA Alamo
livestream event on March 1st with Maeve
Higgins and Will Forte the movie starts
at 6 p.m.
Q&A starts at 7:30 p.m. and tickets are
available to the public for a limited
time some of you may have seen
extraordinary at South by Southwest so
you can understand why it has a hundred
percent aggregate score on Rotten
Tomatoes if you haven't seen it the
movie will release on March 6th at the
Alamo Drafthouse you can get more
information at
www.cannainsider.com/trends
roll the clip
[Music]
Haley's problem is my voice is so deep
that if I do it is just gonna sound like
a regular man that [__] don't do it it
bad for you no it's good
say something dirty [__] your mother and
your dirty butthole it doesn't really
change that my voice that much still
sounds like a big tough man
[Music]
everyone has left but I have
successfully sorted out all the edge
pieces Annalise helpfully where are
these are there's no end pieces in here
but there might be because this puzzle
is really weird like what is this
[Music]
making pretty good progress
hey this puzzle it's garbage these
pieces just don't make any sense that's
not a real puzzle piece that's stupid
Lindsey you love puzzles though this was
bad puzzle got the whole gang involved
now nobody can resist the temptations I
was like the way the pieces feel
slipping through my hands I want to take
a couple of them out look the n64 has
hey you peeked in it but it doesn't have
a microphone adapter
what are you can use it for nothing
what's the strategy here put it together
I guess what I'm gonna put all those
greens together and I mean build that
whole section of the puzzle about 36
look is that part of it no turtles
carefully put this together another
carefully put these together oh that
goes oh yeah all these pieces should be
together okay all right okay but the
problem is the pieces are wonky so they
don't stick together yeah you can I
don't even care about the puzzle dresses
is riveting hockey
[Music]
[Laughter]
no no one's expecting eat you Matt
you're dealing with an irrational person
that's true but I got a method to my
madness can you figure it out that
algorithm I do need to beat you in
person though being Ryan online we have
a 50/50 online and I have a hundred
percent in person yeah okay yes let's
try to he's opening up he's trying to
Castle you trying to Cass on the same
side as me that [__] copy language is
a professional match behind the scenes
weaker is there like cussing into chess
yes for [__] [__] I am going to now
move right brain chilli now presenting
story time with Grandpa the tower we
passed the time you know days become
weeks weeks become months much to come
years before you know your teeth are
falling out but the puzzles are going
well so you see what we got here the
Super Nintendo number one of them from
my youth back when all the girls came
calling I had they called me filthy even
knuckle because my knuckles were filthy
if you know what I mean I mean though
they didn't let us fries with his kind
back
staying late once again almost there
I don't been in the car for eight hours
you're getting a five-star review
you're supposed to do I love baking why
they cheap
[Music]
Oh
you only for consumption I can't wear in
the store maybe he's cold as trash
[Music]
probably not that violent maybe the
problems with people do not use or error
you're scaring Benson John told me that
matt peake said that he can't work on
the puzzle that's yeah
you know that he's outside the door
right now John just come in just come in
come in come on yeah coming I won't say
anything who did all this in the center
this whole thing here who did all this
stuff you did it oh you do
I forgot I just I was so into it he did
it did not know that you did that it was
after hours Matt Matthew there's a wire
you can't it can't be working on this
man I need you editing can't work on the
paper that one goes here that was a good
spot Matt maybe I should be the one
worked on the puzzle yeah okay how much
we got left
oh we got it good there you know hundred
pieces
[Music]
Wow it's done no go a little bit easy
it's missing like six pieces told you
guys what don't we I found one
oh no keep that out of here it's trash
okay are we missing business I think
you're gonna you have it all on your
head right this one goes here this one
goes here
you order to size pissed off John what
the hell where's the last piece I'm John
John give me peace Lindsey I don't have
Rufus no kidding me this is impossible
[Music]
[Laughter]
orange to rook four oh [__] Mandarin
your saloon I don't think he can win I
think he's gonna have to draw push me
for a draw and then that would be a
victory yeah yeah just say it doesn't
say it god damn it
[Music]
hey guys thanks for watching Arizona
Circle season 2 dharti met so Lindsay
okay
[Music]
like what is this
put it together
maybe I should be the one worked on the
puzzle yeah
[Music]
fire hazard it just do that little thing
who's a good little boy oh hey didn't
see you there
don't worry I'm not a sociopath making
the apology video today we're talking
about fun house and the updates were
making to our office would you like to
see them Lindsay say war talk yeah hi
Adam from fun house we're doing a fun
behind-the-scenes video here
I like advancing things so it was Omar
Omar where you going no more likes this
stuff - I